1. Question or Hypothesis: A statement of a question or hypothesis that you are interested in investigating with data (the question or hypothesis could be relevant to your formal academic interests, but this is by no means necessary).
Briefly explain the variables (which often correspond to the columns of a conventional tabular data set) you would need to answer your question or test your hypothesis.

https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/covid19/pulse/mental-health-care.htm
- These data were collected by the CDC from a voluntary survey to assess mental health during COVID-19 lockdowns. From this dataset, I am curious what five subgroups that answered "Needed Counseling or Therapy But Did Not Get It, Last 4 Weeks"
account for the highest and lowest mean values (%). Variables I will use are Indicator, Group, State, Subgroup, and Value.


2. Python or R Code and Analysis Outputs: Find a data set that will allow you to explore the question you formulated in (1). 
Write one script (either an R script or Python Script) that casts light on your question. For example, you might write code that produces a visualization, implements a statistical test, calculates summary statistics, generates a crosstab,
or derives a new data set from an existing one (for example, creating a “tidy” data set from an unstructured one).
Please note that you are welcome to write two scripts (one in R and one in Python) if this would help your learning goals, or you would like to demonstrate proficiency in both. However, you are only required to write one.
Please comment your code so that other researchers (or your future self!) can easily follow and understand your script.
Please remember to cite the data set you use in your analysis, as well as other relevant contextual information in the repository’s Readme.


3. Data set Evaluation: A brief (250-500 words) that evaluates a data set with respect to one of the FAIR principles, and best practices for data publishing more generally.
In the write-up, you might reflect on the challenges that a user of the data set might encounter, or suggest changes to the data set’s documentation or metadata with a view towards enhancing its reusability for future users.

- This dataset follows the FAIR principles very well. It is publicly accessible through the CDC and is licensed through the Public Domain U.S. Government. It is available in CSV, JSON, XLS, and XML formats. 
There is metadata associated with this dataset that states in detail publication information including its unique identifier and a brief description of what the dataset is. With that said, I cannot locate
information explaining exactly what each column represents, which I would expect with the metadata. I had to go to the source website to determine that the column labeled "value" is percentage. Therefore, the
metadata could be improved on this dataset, through overall it has a high degree of accessibility. 

In terms of best practices for data publishing in a general sense, there are several positives to this dataset. It is published by the U.S. Census Bureau and will be held accessible for a minimum number of years, as defined by the Bureau. 
The estimates used in the dataset meet the NCHS Data Presentation Standards for Proportions, and they further provide a nonresponse bias report that explains their methods and how they address any potential bias in their data. Additionally,
the dataset itself is very clean, with little to no cleaning needed prior to analysis. This helps to prevent potential errors and increases reproducibility between groups. There is further documentation on potential limitations in this dataset,
and they directly address key points including measurement error and processing error. This helps increase the overall validity and confidence the public has in the dataset. 
